# Twitter Sentiment Analysis

With the large amount of data generated by users on social networks, social network monitoring techniques have become increasingly relevant. In this context, natural language processing (NLP) techniques have become essential to extract relevant information from this unstructured data.

This project aims to use NLP techniques to analyze sentiments in tweets using Gensim Word2Vec for text vectorization and the logistic regression algorithm from the sklearn library for sentiment classification into negative or positive.

The word2vec algorithm uses a neural network model to learn word associations from a large corpus of text. It is capable of capturing semantic relationships between words, which allows for superior performance in classification.

It is expected that the results obtained can contribute to the understanding of the sentiments expressed by Twitter users regarding certain topics and events.

This project has been divided into three notebooks:
- [The first notebook concerns data visualization and cleaning.](https://github.com/lucasaltm/TSA/blob/main/TSA1_Data_Cleaning.ipynb)
- [The second notebook concerns training of the word2vec and logistic regression models.](https://github.com/lucasaltm/TSA/blob/main/TSA2_Training_Models.ipynb)
- [The third notebook uses the previously trained models for classifying tweets extracted using the Twitter API and the tweepy library.](https://github.com/lucasaltm/TSA/blob/main/TSA3_Classificating_Tweets.ipynb)
